war war never changes
or does it the war has changed did it
the answer is no unless it is yes no of
course it is is war yes no yes
here's your objective blah blah blah
blah secret base blah blah blah blah
bleh blah blah blah nuclear missile blah
blah blah blah counting on you not most
importance when good luck
Reiko Master Sergeant shooter person I
am an enemy - oh bloody scream some real
I am rank up master sergeant shooter
sergeant person hey Fox Club Niner I'm
gonna point at you and say something
serious to further develop the game's
storyline oh my dead creasing the drama
of the story ha ha ha you cannot stop me
unless the game goes into slow motion
for some reason and I become easy to
shoot
break up sergeant sergeant master
sergeant shooter person Cory
Ranko Master Sergeant shooter sergeant
important person of sergeants extreme I
am a paratrooper because that is a
real-life war scenario you cannot shoot
me because this is a cutscene to make
the game feel more dramatic like a movie
soon I'll be landing I have landed on
the ground boom body screwed so real
wake up sergeant of the Master Sergeant
most important person of extreme
sergeants to mass I have a gravelly
voice with a big full accent I have an
eyepatch and I wear a nice suit
this means I am leader of bad guy
I hold a nuclear missile bomb I will
never give nuclear missile bomb to you
give the nuclear missile bomb to us
leader enemy boss and then put your
hands up okay
USA is dominate
I'm crying I'm crying tears
Oh
thanks for watching don't forget to
follow us on Twitter and like us on
Facebook